You lunatic
He actually pushed down the dragon general
The Dragon Palace won't let you go, it's not just him
I'm afraid we'll be implicated too
Xiao Chen, even if you are unwilling
Shouldn't have done such a rebellious thing
If the one in the Dragon Palace is blamed
I still want to drink and have me
I must not have
Destroy the Nine Clans
Look at the whole elephant
See who dares to go crazy
This guy's crazy.
The lord who loves dragons has not come yet
Everything has a chance to be saved
I am Chen Tianming
Issue a copper spoon order as the eldest son of the Chen family
Spend everything to get rid of this reverse culture
This child overthrows the dragon frame
The following is guilty
Qinzhou Wang Family is willing to exterminate rebellious ministers for the Dragon Palace
It's a good thing for young people to have a sword
But today you live in the Qian family in Qinzhou
Willing to help the Chen family
Spend all you have to give a peace
Come on, let's get involved in the family too
It can make the four major families issue a pursuit order at the same time
Even if you die, your life is enough
Die Together
Pay me back
Mr. Su
Xiao Chen committed a major crime first
Now it has attracted the women of Qingzhou Shijia Town
Never be emotional
We have to take a stand.
Mingyue is a waste
It delayed you for three years
Even if there are feelings
You've done your best
Besides, if the lord of the Dragon Palace comes
You should be angry when you see you like this, right?
Xiao Chen, I'm not just for myself
Or for the whole Su family?
Don't blame me.